aspose.cloud/npm/Aspose.BarCode Cloud SDK for Node.js.md, before:

Node.js Cloud SDK wraps Aspose.BarCode Cloud API so you could seamlessly integrate barcode generation & recognition features into your own Node.js apps.

# Barcode Generation & Recognition in the Cloud
Generate barcodes (Linear, 2D & Postal), configure barcode properties and attributes, such as, barcode height, dimensions, image format, and more. Scan existing barcodes from 60+ symbologies, including, Codabar, PDF417, QR, MicroQR, EAN, Postnet, UPC, RM4SCC and many more.

## Barcode Read & Write Features

- Generate, scan and customize 1D (linear), 2D and postal barcodes.
- Generate and recognize barcodes with checksum option.
- Fetch barcode as an image stream or save barcode to the local disk.
- Configure barcode height, width, angle quality, margin & resolution.
- Configure barcode to be auto-sized or set X & Y dimensions.
- Generate a new barcode with specified code text location.
- Apply bar height and barcode image format.
- Rotate barcode image at a certain angle & generate multiple barcodes.
- Scan image to recognize barcode from a specific region of that image.
- Recognize specified number of barcodes.
- Apply image processing algorithms to read barcodes.

## Read & Write BarCode From Images

JPEG, TIFF, PNG, BMP, GIF

## Save BarCode Labels As

EMF, SVG

## Supported Barcode Symbologies

**Linear barcode symbologies**:
EAN13, EAN8, UPCA, UPCE, Interleaved2of5, Standard2of5, MSI, Code11, Codabar, EAN14(SCC14), SSCC18, ITF14, Matrix 2 of 5, PZN, Code128, Code39 Extended, Code39 Standard, Code93 Extended, Code16K, Code93 Standard, IATA 2 of 5, OPC, GS1Code128, ISBN, ISMN, ISSN, ITF6, VIN, Pharmacode, DatabarOmniDirectional, DatabarTruncated, DatabarLimited, DatabarExpanded, DatabarStackedOmniDirectional, DatabarExpandedStacked, DatabarStacked, PatchCode, Supplement (Decode only).

**2D barcode symbologies**:
PDF417, MacroPDF417, MicroPDF417, CompactPDF417 (Decode only), DataMatrix, Aztec, QR, MicroQR, DotCode, MaxiCode, Italian Post 25, GS1DataMatrix, Code16K.

**Postal barcode symbologies**:
Postnet, Planet, USPS OneCode, Australia Post, Deutsche Post Identcode, Deutsche Post Leticode, RM4SCC, SingaporePost, AustralianPosteParcel, SwissPostParcel, UpcaGs1DatabarCoupon.

## Platform Independence

Aspose.BarCode Cloud’s is a true REST API that can be used from any platform. You can use it with any language that supports REST, be it the web, desktop, mobile, or the cloud. The API integrates with other cloud services to provide you the flexibility you require for processing documents. It is suitable for the most types of businesses, documents, or content.

## Getting Started with Aspose.BarCode Cloud SDK for Node.js

You do not need to install anything to get started with Aspose.BarCode Cloud SDK for Node.js. Just create an account at [Aspose for Cloud](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps) and get your application information.

The complete source code is available at [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/aspose-barcode-cloud/aspose-barcode-cloud-node). You can either directly use it in your project via source code or get nmpjs distribution (recommended).

Please execute `npm install aspose-barcode-cloud-node --save` from the command line to install Aspose.BarCode for Cloud via NPM.

## Using Node.js to Generate PDF417 Barcode

```js
const { barcode, fs } = require("aspose-barcode-cloud-node", "fs");
var api = new barcode.BarCodeApi(AppSid, AppKey);
api.barCodeGetBarCodeGenerate("Aspose.BarCode for Cloud Sample", "Pdf417", "png").then((apiResult) => {
       if (apiResult.response.statusCode == 200) {
           fs.writeFile("output.png", apiResult.body);
       }
});
```

## Send Barcode Image in Request for Scanning via Node.js
```js
var config = {'appSid':AppSID,'apiKey':AppKey , 'debug' : true};
var storageApi = new StorageApi(config);
var barcodeApi = new BarcodeApi(config);
var name = "template.jpeg";

storageApi.PutCreate(name  , null, null, data_path + name  , function(responseMessage) 
{
	barcodeApi.PostBarcodeRecognizeFromUrlorContent(null, null, null, null, null, data_path + name, function(responseMessage) 
	{		
		responseMessage.body.Barcodes.forEach(function(barcode) 
		{
			console.log("Type :: " + barcode.BarcodeType);
			console.log("Codetext :: " + barcode.BarcodeValue);
		});
	});
});
```

[Product Page](https://products.aspose.cloud/barcode/nodejs) | [Documentation](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/barcodecloud/Home) | [API Reference](https://apireference.aspose.cloud/barcode/) | [Code Samples](https://github.com/aspose-barcode-cloud/aspose-barcode-cloud-node) | [Blog](https://blog.aspose.cloud/category/barcode/) | [Free Support](https://forum.aspose.cloud/c/barcode) | [Free Trial](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps)

Commit message:

Content update based on existing package listings

aspose.cloud/npm/Aspose.BarCode Cloud SDK for Node.js.md, after:

Node.js Cloud SDK wraps Aspose.BarCode Cloud API so you could seamlessly integrate barcode generation & recognition features into your own Node.js apps.

# Barcode Generation & Recognition in the Cloud
[Aspose.BarCode Cloud SDK for Node.js](https://products.aspose.cloud/barcode/nodejs) helps you generate barcodes (Linear, 2D & Postal), configure barcode properties and attributes, such as, barcode height, dimensions, image format, and more. Scan existing barcodes from 60+ symbologies, including, Codabar, PDF417, QR, MicroQR, EAN, Postnet, UPC, RM4SCC and many more.

## Barcode Read & Write Features

- Generate, scan and customize 1D (linear), 2D and postal barcodes.
- Generate and recognize barcodes with checksum option.
- Fetch barcode as an image stream or save barcode to the local disk.
- Configure barcode height, width, angle quality, margin & resolution.
- Configure barcode to be auto-sized or set X & Y dimensions.
- Generate a new barcode with specified code text location.
- Apply bar height and barcode image format.
- Rotate barcode image at a certain angle & generate multiple barcodes.
- Scan image to recognize barcode from a specific region of that image.
- Recognize specified number of barcodes.
- Apply image processing algorithms to read barcodes.

## Read & Write BarCode From Images

JPEG, TIFF, PNG, BMP, GIF

## Save BarCode Labels As

EMF, SVG

## Supported Barcode Symbologies

**Linear barcode symbologies**:
EAN13, EAN8, UPCA, UPCE, Interleaved2of5, Standard2of5, MSI, Code11, Codabar, EAN14(SCC14), SSCC18, ITF14, Matrix 2 of 5, PZN, Code128, Code39 Extended, Code39 Standard, Code93 Extended, Code16K, Code93 Standard, IATA 2 of 5, OPC, GS1Code128, ISBN, ISMN, ISSN, ITF6, VIN, Pharmacode, DatabarOmniDirectional, DatabarTruncated, DatabarLimited, DatabarExpanded, DatabarStackedOmniDirectional, DatabarExpandedStacked, DatabarStacked, PatchCode, Supplement (Decode only).

**2D barcode symbologies**:
PDF417, MacroPDF417, MicroPDF417, CompactPDF417 (Decode only), DataMatrix, Aztec, QR, MicroQR, DotCode, MaxiCode, Italian Post 25, GS1DataMatrix, Code16K.

**Postal barcode symbologies**:
Postnet, Planet, USPS OneCode, Australia Post, Deutsche Post Identcode, Deutsche Post Leticode, RM4SCC, SingaporePost, AustralianPosteParcel, SwissPostParcel, UpcaGs1DatabarCoupon.

## Getting Started with Aspose.BarCode Cloud SDK for Node.js

Firstly, create an account at [Aspose for Cloud](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps) to get your application information and free quota to use the API. Now execute `npm install aspose-barcode-cloud-node --save` from the command line to install Aspose.BarCode Cloud SDK for Node.js via NPM.

The complete source code is available at [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/aspose-barcode-cloud/aspose-barcode-cloud-node).

## Using Node.js to Generate PDF417 Barcode

```js
const { barcode, fs } = require("aspose-barcode-cloud-node", "fs");
var api = new barcode.BarCodeApi(AppSid, AppKey);
api.barCodeGetBarCodeGenerate("Aspose.BarCode for Cloud Sample", "Pdf417", "png").then((apiResult) => {
       if (apiResult.response.statusCode == 200) {
           fs.writeFile("output.png", apiResult.body);
       }
});
```

## Send Barcode Image in Request for Scanning via Node.js
```js
var config = {'appSid':AppSID,'apiKey':AppKey , 'debug' : true};
var storageApi = new StorageApi(config);
var barcodeApi = new BarcodeApi(config);
var name = "template.jpeg";

storageApi.PutCreate(name  , null, null, data_path + name  , function(responseMessage) 
{
	barcodeApi.PostBarcodeRecognizeFromUrlorContent(null, null, null, null, null, data_path + name, function(responseMessage) 
	{		
		responseMessage.body.Barcodes.forEach(function(barcode) 
		{
			console.log("Type :: " + barcode.BarcodeType);
			console.log("Codetext :: " + barcode.BarcodeValue);
		});
	});
});
```

[Product Page](https://products.aspose.cloud/barcode/nodejs) | [Documentation](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/barcodecloud/Home) | [API Reference](https://apireference.aspose.cloud/barcode/) | [Code Samples](https://github.com/aspose-barcode-cloud/aspose-barcode-cloud-node) | [Blog](https://blog.aspose.cloud/category/barcode/) | [Free Support](https://forum.aspose.cloud/c/barcode) | [Free Trial](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps)
