aspose.cloud/npm/Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js.md, before:

This Cloud SDK enables you to perform Optical Mark Recognition (OMR) operations on human-marked data from within your cloud-based Node.js apps.

Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js enhances your Node.js cloud applications to define and generate OMR templates with support for numerous types of elements, such as, text, grid, multi-column answer sheets, and logo images. You can also use various types of barcodes (code39, ean, ean13, ean8, qr, aruci, jan, upc & upca) within your user-defined OMR templates. Using Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js, you can also define your own answer grading rules to perform automatic grading of OMR mark sheets. Support to extract and export the OMR data to CSV format is also available. Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js also allows your to create mark sheets, surveys, questionnaires, quizzes as well as other OMR readable sheets based on your defined OMR templates. Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js is a wrapper around Aspose.OMR REST API and it works without installing any 3rd party software. Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js is distributed under an MIT license.

## OMR Processing Features

- Perform recognition of scanned photos and images for OMR operations.
- Ability to perform OMR on rotated & perspective (within 25 deg) photos.
- Extract & recognize human-marked data from scanned tests, exams, surveys etc.
- Supports the export of OMR results to CSV file format.
- Use textual markup to generate OMR templates, generate surveys and test sheets.
- Availability of GUI application for managing OMR templates.
- Specify number of OMR based questions & answers in the template.
- Availability of GUI OMR editor as a cloud client.
- Provide JSON rules to perform OMR answer grading.
- Clip an area of interest from an image, save it as JPEG & perform OMR on it.
- Perform highly accurate optical mark recognition (OMR).

## Save OMR As

CSV

## Read OMR Formats

JPEG, PNG, BMP, TIFF, PDF

## Platform Independence

Aspose.OMR Cloud’s platform independent document manipulation API is a true REST API that can be used from any platform. You can use it with any language or platform that supports REST, be it the web, desktop, mobile, or the cloud. The API integrates with other cloud services to provide you the flexibility you require for processing documents. It is suitable for the most types of businesses, documents, or content.

## Getting Started

You do not need to install anything to get started with Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js. Just create an account at [Aspose for Cloud](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps) and get your application information.

The complete source code is available at the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/aspose-omr-cloud/aspose-omr-cloud-nodejs). You can either directly use it in your project via source code or get nmpjs distribution (recommended).

To install Aspose.OMR for Cloud via NPM, please execute from the command line, `npm install aspose-omr-cloud-node --save`.

## Use Node.js Code to Recognize image

```js
recognizeImage(templateId, imagePath) {
        return this.storage.uploadFile(imagePath, "")
            .then(() => {
                let imageFileName = path.basename(imagePath);
                let param = new api.OMRFunctionParam();
                param.functionParam = templateId;
                return this.omrApi.postRunOmrTask(imageFileName, "RecognizeImage", param);
            });
    }
```

[Product Page](https://products.aspose.cloud/omr/nodejs) | [Documentation](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/omrcloud/Home) | [API Reference](https://apireference.aspose.cloud/omr/) | [Code Samples](https://github.com/aspose-omr-cloud/aspose-omr-cloud-nodejs) | [Blog](https://blog.aspose.cloud/category/omr/) | [Free Support](https://forum.aspose.cloud/c/omr) | [Free Trial](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps)

Commit message:

Content update based on existing package listings

aspose.cloud/npm/Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js.md, after:

Node.js Cloud SDK wraps Aspose.OMR REST API so you could seamlessly integrate OMR (Optical Mark Recognition) features to your own Node.js applications.

[Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js](https://products.aspose.cloud/omr/nodejs) allows to define and generate OMR templates with support for numerous types of elements, such as, text, grid, multi-column answer sheets, and images. Using Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js, developers can also define answer grading rules to perform automatic grading of OMR mark sheets, surveys, questionnaires & quizzes while extracting the OMR data to CSV format.

## OMR Processing Features

- Ability to perform OMR on rotated & perspective (within 25 deg) photos.
- Extract & recognize human-marked data from scanned tests, exams, surveys etc.
- Export OMR results to CSV file format.
- Use textual markup to generate OMR templates, generate surveys and test sheets.
- Specify number of OMR based questions & answers in the template.
- Provide JSON rules to perform OMR answer grading.
- Clip an area of interest from an image, save it as JPEG & perform OMR on it.

## Save OMR Results As

CSV

## Read Formats to Peform OMR

JPEG, PNG, BMP, TIFF, PDF

## Getting Started with Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js

Firstly, create an account at [Aspose for Cloud](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps) to get your application information and free quota to use the API. Now execute `npm install aspose-omr-cloud-node --save` from the command line to install Aspose.OMR Cloud SDK for Node.js via NPM. The complete source code is available at [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/aspose-omr-cloud/aspose-omr-cloud-nodejs).

## Use Node.js Code to Recognize Questionnaire Scan

```js
recognizeImage(templateId, imagePath) {
        return this.storage.uploadFile(imagePath, "")
            .then(() => {
                let imageFileName = path.basename(imagePath);
                let param = new api.OMRFunctionParam();
                param.functionParam = templateId;
                return this.omrApi.postRunOmrTask(imageFileName, "RecognizeImage", param);
            });
    }
```

[Product Page](https://products.aspose.cloud/omr/nodejs) | [Documentation](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/omrcloud/Home) | [API Reference](https://apireference.aspose.cloud/omr/) | [Code Samples](https://github.com/aspose-omr-cloud/aspose-omr-cloud-nodejs) | [Blog](https://blog.aspose.cloud/category/omr/) | [Free Support](https://forum.aspose.cloud/c/omr) | [Free Trial](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud)
