aspose.cloud/pypi/Aspose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python.md, before:

This cloud SDK assists to process & manipulate images from within your Python based cloud applications, without installing any 3rd party tool.

Apose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python is built on top of Aspose.Imaging REST API and is distributed under an MIT license. Aspose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python enables your Python code to fetch images from cloud storage and perform various operations, such as, resizing, cropping, merging, scaling, and converting images. You can also perform various operations on TIFF images. Extract a single TIFF from to crop, resize, rotate, or flip it. Aspose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python also enables you to convert TIFF to fax compatible format.

## Image Processing Features

- Fetch or update properties of cloud hosted images.
- Scale, flip, crop and export an image with a single API call.
- Resize, crop, flip, convert and [export an image](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/imagingcloud/Export+Image+to+Another+Format) to other supported formats.
- Update image parameters of JPEG2000 & WEBP images.
- Access a multi-frame TIFF image and [extract the desired](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/imagingcloud/Extract+Frame+from+a+Multi-Frame+TIFF+Image) frames from it.
- Rotate, flip, crop, resize or fetch properties of the selected TIFF frame.
- Merge multiple TIFF images.

## Read & Write Image Formats

BMP, GIF, JPEG, JPEG2000, PSD, TIFF, WEBP, PNG, WMF, EMF, SVG

## Save Image As

PDF

## Read Image Formats

DJVU, DICOM, CDR, CMX, ODG, DNG

## Platform Independence

Aspose.Imaging Cloud’s platform independent document manipulation API is a true REST API that can be used from any platform. You can use it with any language or platform that supports REST, be it the web, desktop, mobile, or the cloud. The API integrates with other cloud services to provide you the flexibility you require for processing documents. It is suitable for the most types of businesses, documents, or content.

## Getting Started with Aspose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python

You do not need to install anything to get started with Aspose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python. Just create an account at [Aspose for Cloud](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps) and get your application information.

You can use it directly in your project via the source code or get its PyPI Package, `pip install aspose-imaging-cloud`. The complete source code is available at the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/aspose-imaging-cloud/aspose-imaging-cloud-python).

## Using Python to Compare two Images

```python
http_request = request.to_http_info(self.api_client.configuration)
return self.__make_request(http_request, 'POST', 'SearchResultsSet')
```

[Product Page](https://products.aspose.cloud/imaging/python) | [Documentation](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/imagingcloud/Home) | [API Reference](https://apireference.aspose.cloud/imaging/) | [Code Samples](https://github.com/aspose-imaging-cloud/aspose-imaging-cloud-python) | [Blog](https://blog.aspose.cloud/category/imaging/) | [Free Support](https://forum.aspose.cloud/c/imaging) | [Free Trial](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps)

Commit message:

Content update based on existing package listings

aspose.cloud/pypi/Aspose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python.md, after:

Python Cloud SDK wraps Aspose.Imaging REST API so you could seamlessly integrate image file creation, manipulation & conversion features into your own Node.js applications.

# Create, Manipulate & Convert Images in the Cloud

[Aspose.Imaging Cloud](https://products.aspose.cloud/imaging) is a true [REST API](https://apireference.aspose.cloud/imaging/) that enables you to perform a wide range of image processing operations including creation, manipulation and conversion in the cloud, with zero initial cost. 

## Image Processing Features

- Export images to variety of other formats.
- Fetch or update properties of cloud hosted images.
- Scale, flip, crop, rotate and export images with a single API call.
- Update image parameters of JPEG2000 & WEBP images.
- Access multi-frame TIFF image and extract the desired frames.
- Merge multiple TIFF images.
- Imaging AI operations:
	- Content-based image search
	- Image duplicates search
	- Image search by custom registered tags
	- Image comparison and similarity detection
	- Image features extraction (for now, AKAZE detector is supported)

## Read & Write Image Formats

BMP, GIF, JPEG, JPEG2000, PSD, TIFF, WEBP, PNG, WMF, EMF, SVG

## Save Images As

PDF

## Read Images From

DJVU, DICOM, CDR, CMX, ODG, DNG

## Storage API Support
Since version 19.4, SDK includes support of storage operations for better user experience and unification, so now there's no need to use 2 different SDKs!

It gives the ability to:

- Upload, download, copy, move and delete files, including versions handling (if you are using Cloud storage that supports this feature - true by default).
- Create, copy, move and delete folders.
- Copy and move files and folders accross separate storages in scope of a single operation.
- Check if certain file, folder or storage exists.

## Getting Started with Aspose.Imaging Cloud SDK for Python

Firstly, create an account at [Aspose for Cloud](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps) to get your application information and free quota to use the API. Now execute `pip install aspose-imaging-cloud` from the command line to get the SDK. Finally, import the dependencies to your code with `import aspose-imaging-cloud`.

The best way to become familiar with how to use the SDK is to read the [Developer Guide](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/imagingcloud/Developer+Guide) whereas the [Getting Started](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/imagingcloud/Getting+Started) section will help you understand the common concepts.

[Product Page](https://products.aspose.cloud/imaging/python) | [Documentation](https://docs.aspose.cloud/display/imagingcloud/Home) | [API Reference](https://apireference.aspose.cloud/imaging/) | [Code Samples](https://github.com/aspose-imaging-cloud/aspose-imaging-cloud-python) | [Blog](https://blog.aspose.cloud/category/imaging/) | [Free Support](https://forum.aspose.cloud/c/imaging) | [Free Trial](https://dashboard.aspose.cloud/#/apps)
